Mr. Gu
Did I give you the wrong one?
What do you think?
I just said, I figured it out from a calculation
Secretary Jiang
It seems that you are not satisfied with your own alcohol intake
There is no accurate understanding.
Mr. Gu
Can you see for the sake of me being drunk?
Persuade me to open up
I promise.
I really have never known you
What are you thinking?
Your nightgown was changed by the waiter
waiter
Then last night you and I
Where will you sleep?
Presidential Suite
Can't you sleep alone?
So nothing happened last night
Scared me to death
I almost missed it just now
Right
What did you mean by more than half a meal just now?
Am I scolding me for not having a long memory and being greedy for cups?
Mr. Gu, don't worry.
I will definitely exercise my alcohol intake when I go back this time.
Definitely next time.
Buddha blocking killing Buddha god blocking killing
Ah, wrong.
Did he find something?
Your bangs are fake
What are you pretending to be?
When I was in school, I was targeted for my appearance
This is acceptable
Many troublesome people's looks are given by their parents
You don't have to feel wronged by those rotten people
I was born with this identity.
If you want to pay attention to those criticisms
The story couldn't have been what it is now
World-class consortium
Be my secretary to Gu Yunting
Keep your head up and be a man in the future
It's Mr. Gu
Put things here
It's a beard.
On his neck